VMware: Document vm properties (#68552)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/vmware_scenarios/vmware_inventory_vm_attributes.rst

.. _vmware_inventory_vm_attributes:

*******************************************************************
Using Virtual machine attributes in VMware dynamic inventory plugin
*******************************************************************

.. contents:: Topics

> Virtual Machine Attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtual machine attributes
```

==========================

> This document discuss Virtual machine properties which can be used to populate hostvars for the given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use virtual machine properties to populate ``hostvars`` for the given
```

> virtual machine in VMware dynamic inventory plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
virtual machine in a VMware dynamic inventory plugin.
```

capability
----------

> Information about the runtime capabilities of this virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes settings for the runtime capabilities of the virtual machine.
```

snapshotOperationsSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports snapshot operations.

multipleSnapshotsSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports multiple snapshots. This value is not set when the virtual machine is unavailable, for instance, when it is being created or deleted.

snapshotConfigSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports snapshot config.

poweredOffSnapshotsSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports snapshot operations in poweredOff state. This flag doesn't affect vim.VirtualMachine.GetSnapshot, which is always supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports snapshot operations in ``poweredOff`` state. This flag does not affect ``vim.VirtualMachine.GetSnapshot``, which is always supported.
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports memory snapshots.

revertToSnapshotSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports reverting to a snapshot.

quiescedSnapshotsSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports quiesced snapshots.

disableSnapshotsSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not snapshots can be disabled.

lockSnapshotsSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not the snapshot tree can be locked.

consolePreferencesSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether console preferences can be set for this virtual machine.

cpuFeatureMaskSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether CPU feature requirements masks can be set for this virtual machine.

s1AcpiManagementSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not a virtual machine supports ACPI S1 settings management.

settingScreenResolutionSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Indicates whether of not this virtual machine supports setting the screen resolution of the console window. This capability depends on the guest operating system configured for this virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicates whether or not this virtual machine supports setting the screen resolution of the console window. This capability depends on the guest operating system configured for this virtual machine.
```

toolsAutoUpdateSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Supports tools auto-update.

vmNpivWwnSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Supports virtual machine NPIV WWN.

npivWwnOnNonRdmVmSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Supports assigning NPIV WWN to virtual machines that don't have RDM disks.

vmNpivWwnDisableSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Indicates whether the NPIV disabling operation is supported the virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicates whether the NPIV disabling operation is supported on the virtual machine.
```

vmNpivWwnUpdateSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether the update of NPIV WWNs are supported on the virtual machine.

> swapPlacementSupported (bool)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _swap_placement_supported:

swapPlacementSupported (bool)
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Flag indicating whether the virtual machine has a configurable (swapfile placement policy).

toolsSyncTimeSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether asking tools to sync time with the host is supported.

virtualMmuUsageSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not the use of nested page table hardware support can be explicitly set.

diskSharesSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether resource settings for disks can be applied to this virtual machine.

bootOptionsSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether boot options can be configured for this virtual machine.

bootRetryOptionsSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether automatic boot retry can be configured for this virtual machine.

settingVideoRamSizeSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Flag indicating whether the video ram size of this virtual machine can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Flag indicating whether the video RAM size of this virtual machine can be configured.
```

settingDisplayTopologySupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Indicates whether of not this virtual machine supports setting the display topology of the console window. This capability depends on the guest operating system configured for this virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicates whether or not this virtual machine supports setting the display topology of the console window. This capability depends on the guest operating system configured for this virtual machine.
```

recordReplaySupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether record and replay functionality is supported on this virtual machine.

changeTrackingSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates that change tracking is supported for virtual disks of this virtual machine. However, even if change tracking is supported, it might not be available for all disks of the virtual machine. For example, passthru raw disk mappings or disks backed by any Ver1BackingInfo cannot be tracked.

multipleCoresPerSocketSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Indicates whether multiple virtual cores per socket is supported on this VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicates whether multiple virtual cores per socket is supported on this virtual machine.
```

hostBasedReplicationSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates that host based replication is supported on this virtual machine. However, even if host based replication is supported, it might not be available for all disk types. For example, passthru raw disk mappings can not be replicated.

guestAutoLockSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Indicates whether or not guest autolock is supported on this virtual machine.

```

memoryReservationLockSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether (memoryReservationLockedToMax) may be set to true for this virtual machine.

featureRequirementSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Indicates whether featureRequirement feature is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicates whether the featureRequirement feature is supported.
```

poweredOnMonitorTypeChangeSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Indicates whether a monitor type change is supported while this virtual machine is in the poweredOn state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indicates whether a monitor type change is supported while this virtual machine is in the ``poweredOn`` state.
```

seSparseDiskSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether this virtual machine supports the Flex-SE (space-efficent, sparse) format for virtual disks.

nestedHVSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether this virtual machine supports nested hardware-assisted virtualization.

vPMCSupported (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether this virtual machine supports virtualized CPU performance counters.

config
------

> Configuration of this virtual machine, including the name and UUID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the configuration settings of this virtual machine, including the name and UUID.
```

> This property is set when a virtual machine is created or when the (reconfigVM) method is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is set when a virtual machine is created or when the ``reconfigVM`` method is called.
```

The virtual machine configuration is not guaranteed to be available.
For example, the configuration information would be unavailable if the server is unable to access the virtual machine files on disk, and is often also unavailable during the initial phases of virtual machine creation.

changeVersion (str)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The changeVersion is a unique identifier for a given version of the configuration. Each change to the configuration updates this value. This is typically implemented as an ever increasing count or a time-stamp. However, a client should always treat this as an opaque string.

modified (datetime)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Last time a virtual machine's configuration was modified.

name (str)
^^^^^^^^^^

    Display name of the virtual machine.Any / (slash), \ (backslash), character used in this name element is escaped. Similarly, any % (percent) character used in this name element is escaped, unless it is used to start an escape sequence. A slash is escaped as %2F or %2f. A backslash is escaped as %5C or %5c, and a percent is escaped as %25.

> guestFullName (str)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _guest_full_name:

guestFullName (str)
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     This is the full name of the guest operating system for the virtual machine. For example: Windows 2000 Professional.See (alternateGuestName)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is the full name of the guest operating system for the virtual machine. For example: Windows 2000 Professional. See :ref:`alternate_guest_name`.
```

version (str)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The version string for this virtual machine.

uuid (str)
^^^^^^^^^^

    128-bit SMBIOS UUID of a virtual machine represented as a hexadecimal string in "12345678-abcd-1234-cdef-123456789abc" format.

instanceUuid (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    VirtualCenter-specific 128-bit UUID of a virtual machine, represented as a hexademical string. This identifier is used by VirtualCenter to uniquely identify all virtual machine instances, including those that may share the same SMBIOS UUID.

> npivNodeWorldWideName (long, optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _npiv_node_worldwide_name:

npivNodeWorldWideName (long, optional)
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     A 64-bit node WWN (World Wide Name). These WWNs are paired with the (npivPortWorldWideName) to be used by the NPIV VPORTs instantiated for the virtual machine on the physical HBAs of the host. A pair of node and port WWNs serves as a unique identifier in accessing a LUN, so that it can be monitored or controlled by the storage administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A 64-bit node WWN (World Wide Name). These WWNs are paired with the ``npivPortWorldWideName`` to be used by the NPIV VPORTs instantiated for the virtual machine on the physical HBAs of the host. A pair of node and port WWNs serves as a unique identifier in accessing a LUN, so that it can be monitored or controlled by the storage administrator.
```

>     If this property contains a single node WWN, the same node WWN is used to pair with all port WWNs listed in (npivPortWorldWideName). If this property or (npivPortWorldWideName) is empty or unset, NPIV WWN is disabled for the virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If this property contains a single node WWN, the same node WWN is used to pair with all port WWNs listed in ``npivPortWorldWideName``. If this property or ``npivPortWorldWideName`` is empty or unset, NPIV WWN is disabled for the virtual machine.
```

npivPortWorldWideName (long, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     A 64-bit port WWN (World Wide Name). For detail description on WWN, see (npivNodeWorldWideName).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A 64-bit port WWN (World Wide Name). For detail description on WWN, see :ref:`npiv_node_worldwide_name`.
```

npivWorldWideNameType (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     The source that provides/generates the assigned WWNs. See (VirtualMachineConfigInfoNpivWwnType)

Reviewer: VirtualMachineConfigInfoNpivWwnType doesn't seem to exist anywhere in this doc?

npivDesiredNodeWwns (short, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The NPIV node WWNs to be extended from the original list of WWN nummbers. This property should be set to desired number which is an aggregate of existing plus new numbers. Desired Node WWNs should always be greater than the existing number of node WWNs

npivDesiredPortWwns (short, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     The NPIV port WWNs to be extended from the original list of WWN nummbers. This property should be set to desired number which is an aggregate of existing plus new numbers. Desired Node WWNs should always be greater than the existing number of port WWNs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The NPIV port WWNs to be extended from the original list of WWN nummbers. This property should be set to desired number which is an aggregate of existing plus new numbers. Desired port WWNs should always be greater than the existing number of port WWNs
```

npivTemporaryDisabled (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     This property is used to enable or disable the NPIV capability on a desired virtual machine on a temporary basis. When this property is set NPIV Vport will not be instantiated by the VMX process of the Virtual Machine. When this property is set port WWNs and node WWNs in the VM configuration are preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This property is used to enable or disable the NPIV capability on a desired virtual machine on a temporary basis. When this property is set, NPIV Vport will not be instantiated by the VMX process of the virtual machine. When this property is set, port WWNs and node WWNs in the virtual machine configuration are preserved.
```

npivOnNonRdmDisks (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     This property is used to check whether the NPIV can be enabled on the Virtual machine with non-rdm disks in the configuration, so this is potentially not enabling npiv on vmfs disks. Also this property is used to check whether RDM is required to generate WWNs for a virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This property is used to check whether the NPIV can be enabled on the virtual machine with non-rdm disks in the configuration, so this is potentially not enabling npiv on vmfs disks. Also this property is used to check whether RDM is required to generate WWNs for a virtual machine.
```

locationId (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Hash incorporating the virtual machine's config file location and the UUID of the host assigned to run the virtual machine.

template (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Flag indicating whether or not a virtual machine is a template.

guestId (str)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Guest operating system configured on a virtual machine. This is a guest identifier that can be used to access the (GuestOsDescriptor) list for information about default configuration. For more information on possible values, see (VirtualMachineGuestOsIdentifier).

Reviewer: GuestOsDescriptor and VirtualMachineGuestOsIdentifier are not listed in this doc?

> alternateGuestName (str)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _alternate_guest_name:

alternateGuestName (str)
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Used as display name for the operating system if guestId isotherorother-64. See (guestFullName).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Used as display name for the operating system if guestId isotherorother-64. See :ref:`guest_full_name`.
```

tools (vim.vm.ToolsConfigInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Configuration of VMware Tools running in the guest operating system.

flags (vim.vm.FlagInfo)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Additional flags for a virtual machine.

consolePreferences (vim.vm.ConsolePreferences, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Legacy console viewer preferences when doing power operations.

defaultPowerOps (vim.vm.DefaultPowerOpInfo)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Configuration of default power operations.

hardware (vim.vm.VirtualHardware)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Processor, memory, and virtual devices for a virtual machine.

cpuAllocation (vim.ResourceAllocationInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Resource limits for CPU.

memoryAllocation (vim.ResourceAllocationInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Resource limits for memory.

latencySensitivity (vim.LatencySensitivity, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The latency-sensitivity of the virtual machine.

> memoryHotAddEnabled (bool, optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _memory_hot_add_enabled:

memoryHotAddEnabled (bool, optional)
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Whether memory can be added while this virtual machine is running.

cpuHotAddEnabled (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Whether virtual processors can be added while this virtual machine is running.

cpuHotRemoveEnabled (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Whether virtual processors can be removed while this virtual machine is running.

hotPlugMemoryLimit (long, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     The maximum amount of memory, in MB, than can be added to a running virtual machine. This value is determined by the virtual machine and is specified only if (memoryHotAddEnabled) is set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The maximum amount of memory, in MB, than can be added to a running virtual machine. This value is determined by the virtual machine and is specified only if :ref:`memory_hot_add_enabled` is set to true.
```

hotPlugMemoryIncrementSize (long, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Memory, in MB that can be added to a running virtual machine must be in increments of this value and needs be a multiple of this value. This value is determined by the virtual machine and is specified only if (memoryHotAddEnabled) has been set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Memory, in MB that can be added to a running virtual machine. Memory must be added in multiples of this value. This value is determined by the virtual machine and is specified only if :ref:`memory_hot_add_enabled` has been set to true.
```

cpuAffinity (vim.vm.AffinityInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Affinity settings for CPU.

memoryAffinity (vim.vm.AffinityInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Affinity settings for memory.

networkShaper (vim.vm.NetworkShaperInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Resource limits for network.

extraConfig (vim.option.OptionValue, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Additional configuration information for the virtual machine.

cpuFeatureMask (vim.host.CpuIdInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Specifies CPU feature compatibility masks that override the defaults from the (GuestOsDescriptor) of the virtual machine's guest OS.

Reviewer: GuestOsDescriptor not in this document.

datastoreUrl (vim.vm.ConfigInfo.DatastoreUrlPair, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Enumerates the set of datastores that this virtual machine is stored on, as well as the URL identification for each of these.Changes to datastores do not generate property updates on this property. However, when this property is retrieved it returns the current datastore information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enumerates the set of datastores that this virtual machine is stored on, as well as the URL identification for each of these. Changes to datastores do not generate property updates on this property. However, when this property is retrieved it returns the current datastore information.
```

swapPlacement (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Virtual machine swapfile placement policy. This will be unset if the virtual machine's (swapPlacementSupported) capability is false. If swapPlacementSupported is true, the default policy is "inherit".See (VirtualMachineConfigInfoSwapPlacementType)

Reviewer: VirtualMachineConfigInfoSwapPlacementType is not in this document.

>     Virtual machine swapfile placement policy. This will be unset if the virtual machine's (swapPlacementSupported) capability is false. If swapPlacementSupported is true, the default policy is "inherit".See (VirtualMachineConfigInfoSwapPlacementType)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Virtual machine swapfile placement policy. This will be unset if the virtual machine's :ref:`swapPlacementSupported` capability is false. If ``swapPlacementSupported `` is true, the default policy is "inherit". See (VirtualMachineConfigInfoSwapPlacementType)
```

bootOptions (vim.vm.BootOptions, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Configuration options for the boot behavior of the virtual machine.

ftInfo (vim.vm.FaultToleranceConfigInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Fault Tolerance settings for this virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fault tolerance settings for this virtual machine.
```

vAppConfig (vim.vApp.VmConfigInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     vApp meta-data for the virtual machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    vApp meta-data for the virtual machine.
```

vAssertsEnabled (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether user-configured virtual asserts will be triggered during virtual machine replay.

changeTrackingEnabled (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether changed block tracking for this VM's disks is active.

firmware (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Information about firmware type for this Virtual Machine. Possible values are described in (GuestOsDescriptorFirmwareType)

Reviewer: GuestOsDescriptorFirmwareType not in this document.

maxMksConnections (int, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates the maximum number of active remote display connections that the virtual machine will support.

guestAutoLockEnabled (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether the guest operating system will logout any active sessions whenever there are no remote display connections open to the virtual machine.

managedBy (vim.ext.ManagedByInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Specifies that this VM is managed by a VC Extension. See the (managedBy) property in the ConfigSpec for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies that this VM is managed by a VC Extension. See the ``managedBy`` property in the ConfigSpec for more details.
```

memoryReservationLockedToMax (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    If set true, memory resource reservation for this virtual machine will always be equal to the virtual machine's memory size; increases in memory size will be rejected when a corresponding reservation increase is not possible.

initialOverhead (vim.vm.ConfigInfo.OverheadInfo), optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Set of values to be used only to perform admission control when determining if a host has sufficient resources for the virtual machine to power on.

nestedHVEnabled (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether this VM is configured to use nested hardware-assisted virtualization.

vPMCEnabled (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether this VM have vurtual CPU performance counters enabled.

scheduledHardwareUpgradeInfo (vim.vm.ScheduledHardwareUpgradeInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Configuration of scheduled hardware upgrades and result from last attempt to run scheduled hardware upgrade.See (ScheduledHardwareUpgradeInfo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configuration of scheduled hardware upgrades and result from last attempt to run scheduled hardware upgrade. See the ``ScheduledHardwareUpgradeInfo`` property in the ConfigSpec for more details.
```

vFlashCacheReservation (long, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Specifies the total vFlash resource reservation for the vFlash caches associated with this VM's virtual disks, in bytes. This reservation must be allocated to power on the VM. See (vFlashCacheAllocation) for allocated reservation when VM is powered on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies the total vFlash resource reservation for the vFlash caches associated with this VM's virtual disks, in bytes. This reservation must be allocated to power on the VM. See :ref:`vflash_cache_allocation` for allocated reservation when VM is powered on.
```

layout
------

Detailed information about the files that comprise this virtual machine.

configFile (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    A list of files that makes up the configuration of the virtual machine (excluding the .vmx file, since that file is represented in the FileInfo). These are relative paths from the configuration directory. A slash is always used as a separator. This list will typically include the NVRAM file, but could also include other meta-data files.

logFile (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     A list of files stored in the virtual machine's log directory. These are relative paths from the logDirectory. A slash is always used as a separator.

Reviewer: logDirectory not in this document.

Author: logDirectory is a setting in ESXi kind of environment variable.

disk (vim.vm.FileLayout.DiskLayout, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Files making up each virtual disk.

snapshot (vim.vm.FileLayout.SnapshotLayout, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Files of each snapshot.

swapFile (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The swapfile specific to this virtual machine, if any. This is a complete datastore path, not a relative path.

layoutEx
--------

> Detailed information about the files that comprise this virtual machine.Can be explicitly refreshed by the (RefreshStorageInfo) operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed information about the files that comprise this virtual machine. Can be explicitly refreshed by the (RefreshStorageInfo) operation.
```

In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property.

> To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use ``PropertyCollector`` methods ``RetrievePropertiesEx`` or ``WaitForUpdatesEx``.
```

> If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the ``PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx`` method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.
```

file (vim.vm.FileLayoutEx.FileInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Information about all the files that constitute the virtual machine including configuration files, disks, swap file, suspend file, log files, core files, memory file etc.

>     (VirtualMachineFileLayoutExFileType) lists the different file-types that make a virtual machine.

Reviewer: VirtualMachineFileLayoutExFileType not in this document.

disk (vim.vm.FileLayoutEx.DiskLayout, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Layout of each virtual disk attached to the virtual machine.For a virtual machine with snaphots, this property gives only those disks that are attached to it at the current point of running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Layout of each virtual disk attached to the virtual machine. For a virtual machine with snaphots, this property gives only those disks that are attached to it at the current point of running.
```

snapshot (vim.vm.FileLayoutEx.SnapshotLayout, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Layout of each snapshot of the virtual machine.

timestamp (datetime)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Time when values in this structure were last updated.

storage (vim.vm.StorageInfo)
----------------------------

Storage space used by the virtual machine, split by datastore.

> Can be explicitly refreshed by the (RefreshStorageInfo) operation.

Reviewer: RefreshStorageInfo not in this document.

In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property.

> To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use ``PropertyCollector`` methods ``RetrievePropertiesEx`` or ``WaitForUpdatesEx``. If you use the ``PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx`` method, specify an empty string for the version parameter.
```

Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.

perDatastoreUsage (vim.vm.StorageInfo.UsageOnDatastore, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Storage space used by this virtual machine on all datastores that it is located on.Total storage space committed to this virtual machine across all datastores is simply an aggregate of the property (committed) .See (committed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Storage space used by this virtual machine on all datastores that it is located on. Total storage space committed to this virtual machine across all datastores is simply an aggregate of the property ``committed`` . See (committed)
```

Reviewer: committed not in this document.

timestamp (datetime)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Time when values in this structure were last updated.

environmentBrowser (vim.EnvironmentBrowser)
-------------------------------------------

The current virtual machine's environment browser object.
This contains information on all the configurations that can be used on the virtual machine.
This is identical to the environment browser on the ComputeResource to which this virtual machine belongs.

datastoreBrowser (vim.host.DatastoreBrowser)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    DatastoreBrowser to browse datastores that are available on this entity.

resourcePool (vim.ResourcePool)
-------------------------------

The current resource pool that specifies resource allocation for this virtual machine.

> This property is set when a virtual machine is created or associated with a different resource pool.Returns null if the virtual machine is a template or the session has no access to the resource pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is set when a virtual machine is created or associated with a different resource pool. Returns null if the virtual machine is a template or the session has no access to the resource pool.
```

summary (vim.ResourcePool.Summary)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Basic information about a resource pool. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Basic information about a resource pool. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use ``PropertyCollector`` methods ``RetrievePropertiesEx`` or ``WaitForUpdatesEx``. If you use the ``PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx`` method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.
```

runtime (vim.ResourcePool.RuntimeInfo)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Runtime information about a resource pool. The (ResourcePoolResourceUsage) information within (ResourcePoolRuntimeInfo) can be transiently stale. Use (RefreshRuntime) method to update the information. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.

Reviewer: methods etc listed above are not in this document.

>     Runtime information about a resource pool. The (ResourcePoolResourceUsage) information within (ResourcePoolRuntimeInfo) can be transiently stale. Use (RefreshRuntime) method to update the information. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Runtime information about a resource pool. The (ResourcePoolResourceUsage) information within (ResourcePoolRuntimeInfo) can be transiently stale. Use (RefreshRuntime) method to update the information. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use ``PropertyCollector`` methods ``RetrievePropertiesEx`` or ``WaitForUpdatesEx``. If you use the ``PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx`` method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.
```

owner (vim.ComputeResource)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The ComputeResource to which this set of one or more nested resource pools belong.

resourcePool (vim.ResourcePool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The set of child resource pools.

vm (vim.VirtualMachine)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The set of virtual machines associated with this resource pool.

config (vim.ResourceConfigSpec)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Configuration of this resource pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    Configuration of this resource pool.
```

childConfiguration (vim.ResourceConfigSpec)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The resource configuration of all direct children (VirtualMachine and ResourcePool) of this resource group.

parentVApp (vim.ManagedEntity)
------------------------------

Reference to the parent vApp.

parent (vim.ManagedEntity)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Parent of this entity.This value is null for the root object and for (VirtualMachine) objects that are part of a (VirtualApp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Parent of this entity. This value is null for the root object and for (VirtualMachine) objects that are part of a (VirtualApp).
```

customValue (vim.CustomFieldsManager.Value)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    Custom field values.

overallStatus (vim.ManagedEntity.Status)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    General health of this managed entity. The overall status of the managed entity is computed as the worst status among its alarms and the configuration issues detected on the entity.

configStatus (vim.ManagedEntity.Status)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     The configStatus indicates whether or not the system has detected a configuration issue involving this entity. For example, it might have detected a duplicate IP address or MAC address, or a host in a cluster might be out of compliance.roperty, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.

Reviewer: is it really compliance.roperty?  or should it be compliance.property?

configIssue (vim.event.Event)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Current configuration issues that have been detected for this entity. Typically, these issues have already been logged as events. The entity stores these events as long as they are still current. The (configStatus) property provides an overall status based on these events.

effectiveRole (int)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Access rights the current session has to this entity.

permission (vim.AuthorizationManager.Permission)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    List of permissions defined for this entity.

name (str)
^^^^^^^^^^

    Name of this entity, unique relative to its parent.Any / (slash), \ (backslash), character used in this name element will be escaped. Similarly, any % (percent) character used in this name element will be escaped, unless it is used to start an escape sequence. A slash is escaped as %2F or %2f. A backslash is escaped as %5C or %5c, and a percent is escaped as %25.

disabledMethod (str)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     List of operations that are disabled, given the current runtime state of the entity. For example, a power-on operation always fails if a virtual machine is already powered on. This list can be used by clients to enable or disable operations in a graphical user interface.Note: This list is determined by the current runtime state of an entity, not by its permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    List of operations that are disabled, given the current runtime state of the entity. For example, a power-on operation always fails if a virtual machine is already powered on. This list can be used by clients to enable or disable operations in a graphical user interface. Note: This list is determined by the current runtime state of an entity, not by its permissions.
```

recentTask (vim.Task)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     The set of recent tasks operating on this managed entity. This is a subset of (recentTask) belong to this entity. A task in this list could be in one of the four states: pending, running, success or error.This property can be used to deduce intermediate power states for a virtual machine entity. For example, if the current powerState is "poweredOn" and there is a running task performing the "suspend" operation, then the virtual machine's intermediate state might be described as "suspending."Most tasks (such as power operations) obtain exclusive access to the virtual machine, so it is unusual for this list to contain more than one running task. One exception, however, is the task of cloning a virtual machine. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The set of recent tasks operating on this managed entity. This is a subset of (recentTask) belong to this entity. A task in this list could be in one of the four states: pending, running, success or error. This property can be used to deduce intermediate power states for a virtual machine entity. For example, if the current powerState is "poweredOn" and there is a running task performing the "suspend" operation, then the virtual machine's intermediate state might be described as "suspending". Most tasks (such as power operations) obtain exclusive access to the virtual machine, so it is unusual for this list to contain more than one running task. One exception, however, is the task of cloning a virtual machine. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.
```

declaredAlarmState (vim.alarm.AlarmState)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     A set of alarm states for alarms that apply to this managed entity. The set includes alarms defined on this entity and alarms inherited from the parent entity, or from any ancestors in the inventory hierarchy.Alarms are inherited if they can be triggered by this entity or its descendants. This set does not include alarms that are defined on descendants of this entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A set of alarm states for alarms that apply to this managed entity. The set includes alarms defined on this entity and alarms inherited from the parent entity, or from any ancestors in the inventory hierarchy. Alarms are inherited if they can be triggered by this entity or its descendants. This set does not include alarms that are defined on descendants of this entity.
```

triggeredAlarmState (vim.alarm.AlarmState)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     A set of alarm states for alarms triggered by this entity or by its descendants.Triggered alarms are propagated up the inventory hierarchy so that a user can readily tell when a descendant has triggered an alarm. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A set of alarm states for alarms triggered by this entity or by its descendants. Triggered alarms are propagated up the inventory hierarchy so that a user can readily tell when a descendant has triggered an alarm. In releases after vSphere API 5.0, vSphere Servers might not generate property collector update notifications for this property. To obtain the latest value of the property, you can use PropertyCollector methods RetrievePropertiesEx or WaitForUpdatesEx. If you use the PropertyCollector.WaitForUpdatesEx method, specify an empty string for the version parameter. Any other version value will not produce any property values as no updates are generated.
```

alarmActionsEnabled (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Whether alarm actions are enabled for this entity. True if enabled; false otherwise.

tag (vim.Tag)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The set of tags associated with this managed entity. Experimental. Subject to change.

resourceConfig (vim.ResourceConfigSpec)
---------------------------------------

>     The resource configuration for a virtual machine. The shares in this specification are evaluated relative to the resource pool to which it is assigned. This will return null if the product the virtual machine is registered on does not support resource configuration.To retrieve the configuration, you typically use (childConfiguration).To change the configuration, use (UpdateChildResourceConfiguration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The resource configuration for a virtual machine. The shares in this specification are evaluated relative to the resource pool to which it is assigned. This will return null if the product the virtual machine is registered on does not support resource configuration.To retrieve the configuration, you typically use (childConfiguration). To change the configuration, use (UpdateChildResourceConfiguration).
```

entity (vim.ManagedEntity, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Reference to the entity with this resource specification: either a VirtualMachine or a ResourcePool.

changeVersion (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     The changeVersion is a unique identifier for a given version of the configuration. Each change to the configuration will update this value. This is typically implemented as an ever increasing count or a time-stamp. However, a client should always treat this as an opaque string.If specified when updating the resource config., the changes will only be applied if the current changeVersion matches the specified changeVersion. This field can be used to guard against updates that has happened between the configInfo was read and until it is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The changeVersion is a unique identifier for a given version of the configuration. Each change to the configuration will update this value. This is typically implemented as an ever increasing count or a time-stamp. However, a client should always treat this as an opaque string. If specified when updating the resource config, the changes will only be applied if the current changeVersion matches the specified changeVersion. This field can be used to guard against updates that has happened between the configInfo was read and until it is applied.
```

connectionState (vim.VirtualMachine.ConnectionState)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Indicates whether or not the virtual machine is available for management.

powerState (vim.VirtualMachine.PowerState)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The current power state of the virtual machine.

faultToleranceState (vim.VirtualMachine.FaultToleranceState)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The fault tolerance state of the virtual machine.

dasVmProtection (vim.vm.RuntimeInfo.DasProtectionState, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The vSphere HA protection state for a virtual machine. Property is unset if vSphere HA is not enabled.

toolsInstallerMounted (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Flag to indicate whether or not the VMware Tools installer is mounted as a CD-ROM.

suspendTime (datetime, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The timestamp when the virtual machine was most recently suspended.This property is updated every time the virtual machine is suspended.

bootTime (datetime, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     The timestamp when the virtual machine was most recently powered on.This property is updated when the virtual machine is powered on from the poweredOff state, and is cleared when the virtual machine is powered off. This property is not updated when a virtual machine is resumed from a suspended state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The timestamp when the virtual machine was most recently powered on. This property is updated when the virtual machine is powered on from the poweredOff state, and is cleared when the virtual machine is powered off. This property is not updated when a virtual machine is resumed from a suspended state.
```

suspendInterval (long, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The total time the virtual machine has been suspended since it was initially powered on. This time excludes the current period, if the virtual machine is currently suspended. This property is updated when the virtual machine resumes, and is reset to zero when the virtual machine is powered off.

question (vim.vm.QuestionInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The current question, if any, that is blocking the virtual machine's execution.

memoryOverhead (long, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     The amount of memory resource (in bytes) that will be used by the virtual machine above its guest memory requirements. This value is set if and only if the virtual machine is registered on a host that supports memory resource allocation features.For powered off VMs, this is the minimum overhead required to power on the VM on the registered host.For powered on VMs, this is the current overhead reservation, a value which is almost always larger than the minimum overhead, and which grows with time.See (QueryMemoryOverheadEx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The amount of memory resource (in bytes) that will be used by the virtual machine above its guest memory requirements. This value is set if and only if the virtual machine is registered on a host that supports memory resource allocation features. For powered off VMs, this is the minimum overhead required to power on the VM on the registered host. For powered on VMs, this is the current overhead reservation, a value which is almost always larger than the minimum overhead, and which grows with time.See (QueryMemoryOverheadEx)
```

numMksConnections (int)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Number of active MKS connections to this virtual machine.

recordReplayState (vim.VirtualMachine.RecordReplayState)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Record / replay state of this virtual machine.

cleanPowerOff (bool, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    For a powered off virtual machine, indicates whether the virtual machine's last shutdown was an orderly power off or not. Unset if the virtual machine is running or suspended.

needSecondaryReason (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    If set, indicates the reason the virtual machine needs a secondary.

onlineStandby (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     This property indicates whether the guest has gone into one of the s1, s2 or s3 standby modes, false indicates the guest is awake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This property indicates whether the guest has gone into one of the s1, s2 or s3 standby modes. False indicates the guest is awake.
```

minRequiredEVCModeKey (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     For a powered-on or suspended virtual machine in a cluster with Enhanced VMotion Compatibility (EVC) enabled, this identifies the least-featured EVC mode (among those for the appropriate CPU vendor) that could admit the virtual machine. See (EVCMode). This property will be unset if the virtual machine is powered off or is not in an EVC cluster.This property may be used as a general indicator of the CPU feature baseline currently in use by the virtual machine. However, the virtual machine may be suppressing some of the features present in the CPU feature baseline of the indicated mode, either explicitly (in the virtual machine's configured (cpuFeatureMask) ) or implicitly (in the default masks for the (GuestOsDescriptor) appropriate for the virtual machine's configured guest OS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a powered-on or suspended virtual machine in a cluster with Enhanced VMotion Compatibility (EVC) enabled, this identifies the least-featured EVC mode (among those for the appropriate CPU vendor) that could admit the virtual machine. See (EVCMode). This property will be unset if the virtual machine is powered off or is not in an EVC cluster. This property may be used as a general indicator of the CPU feature baseline currently in use by the virtual machine. However, the virtual machine may be suppressing some of the features present in the CPU feature baseline of the indicated mode, either explicitly (in the virtual machine's configured (cpuFeatureMask) ) or implicitly (in the default masks for the (GuestOsDescriptor) appropriate for the virtual machine's configured guest OS).
```

Reviewer: EVCMode isn't in this document.

consolidationNeeded (bool)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Whether any disk of the virtual machine requires consolidation. This can happen for example when a snapshot is deleted but its associated disk is not committed back to the base disk. Use (ConsolidateVMDisks_Task) to consolidate if needed.

offlineFeatureRequirement (vim.vm.FeatureRequirement, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    These requirements must have equivalent host capabilities (featureCapability) in order to power on.

featureRequirement (vim.vm.FeatureRequirement, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    These requirements must have equivalent host capabilities (featureCapability) in order to power on, resume, or migrate to the host.

featureMask (vim.host.FeatureMask, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    The masks applied to an individual virtual machine as a result of its configuration.

> vFlashCacheAllocation (long, optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _vflash_cache_allocation:

vFlashCacheAllocation (long, optional)
```

    Hostname of the guest operating system, if known.

ipAddress (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Primary IP address assigned to the guest operating system, if known.

net (vim.vm.GuestInfo.NicInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Guest information about network adapters, if known.

ipStack (vim.vm.GuestInfo.StackInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Guest information about IP networking stack, if known.

disk (vim.vm.GuestInfo.DiskInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Guest information about disks.You can obtain Linux guest disk information for the following file system types only: Ext2, Ext3, Ext4, ReiserFS, ZFS, NTFS, VFAT, UFS, PCFS, HFS, and MS-DOS.

screen (vim.vm.GuestInfo.ScreenInfo, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Guest screen resolution info, if known.

guestState (str)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Operation mode of guest operating system.

appHeartbeatStatus (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Application heartbeat status. Please see (VirtualMachineAppHeartbeatStatusType)

appState (str, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Application state. If vSphere HA is enabled and the vm is configured for Application Monitoring and this field's value is "appStateNeedReset" then HA will attempt immediately reset the vm. There are some system conditions which may delay the immediate reset. The immediate reset will be performed as soon as allowed by vSphere HA and ESX. If during these conditions the value is changed to appStateOk the reset will be cancelled.See (GuestInfoAppStateType)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Application state. If vSphere HA is enabled and the vm is configured for Application Monitoring and this field's value is "appStateNeedReset" then HA will attempt immediately reset the vm. There are some system conditions which may delay the immediate reset. The immediate reset will be performed as soon as allowed by vSphere HA and ESX. If during these conditions the value is changed to appStateOk the reset will be cancelled. See (GuestInfoAppStateType)
```

name (str)
^^^^^^^^^^

    Name of this network.

summary (vim.Network.Summary)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Properties of a network.

host (vim.HostSystem)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Hosts attached to this network.

vm (vim.VirtualMachine)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Virtual machines using this network.

snapshot (vim.vm.SnapshotInfo)
-------------------------------

Current snapshot and tree. The property is valid if snapshots have been created for this virtual machine.The contents of this property change in response to the methods:

currentSnapshot (vim.vm.Snapshot, optional)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Current snapshot of the virtual machineThis property is set by calling (Snapshot.revert) or (VirtualMachine.createSnapshot). This property will be empty when the working snapshot is at the root of the snapshot tree.

rootSnapshotList (vim.vm.SnapshotTree)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    Data for the entire set of snapshots for one virtual machine.

rootSnapshot (vim.vm.Snapshot)
------------------------------

The roots of all snapshot trees for the virtual machine.

config (vim.vm.ConfigInfo)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     Information about the configuration of this virtual machine when this snapshot was taken.The datastore paths for the virtual machine disks point to the head of the disk chain that represents the disk at this given snapshot. The fileInfo.fileLayout field is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Information about the configuration of this virtual machine when this snapshot was taken. The datastore paths for the virtual machine disks point to the head of the disk chain that represents the disk at this given snapshot. The fileInfo.fileLayout field is not set.
```
